# Hiring-human-resources-management-trainee
Hello guys,  Greetings From Ifortis Worldwide…                             IFortis Worldwide is a subsidiary of American Ruler Private Limited. Since its infancy, IFORTIS WORLDWIDE has believed in a continual evolution. It has not only expanded its horizon from providing technical to managerial services but also has taken this platform worldwide in order to better satisfy the needs of its customers with an aim to become one of the most leading companies in the world.            JOB DESCRIPTION:-  PROFILE : HR-Trainee (Female) Duration : Min 4 weeks can be extended based upon mutual interest. Location : Remote (India) Gender : Female  This Internship Program provides training, mentoring as well as Hands-on experience. You will be appointed to one of the functional areas listed below : Employee Relationship, Business Management, Recruitment, Talen Management and Project Management. A he Completion of your internship Program, top performers may be offered a full-time position by the Organization.  Roles :-  ● Adding new hiring information to our employee records, evaluating resumes, and       Scheduling Interviews. ● Managing the team and ensuring that your team meets weekly business engagement      Metrics. ● Working with the management of IFORTIS WORLDWIDE to coordinate initiatives (this      Involves representing the company and speaking on its behalf). ● Managing leadership and accountability for your own group.  Perks and Benefits :-  ● Virtual Workplace ● Traineeship Program ● Sponsored International Corporate Training Program ● Performance based stipend minimum of INR.1000 upon successful completion of all the      SOPs Within given time. ● Certificate of Excellence ● Certificate/Letter of Recommendation ● Monthly Awarding System ● An exciting environment to express your passion and talents, develop your skills. ● An opportunity to contribute to a leading company, and grow personally and      Professionally.   Interested Candidates Can apply @snehashree.panda1@gmail.com !!
